okay this is my video on the new knife I
got today I went to Excalibur and I just
lost my Leatherman which I don't think I
had a review on uh playing airsoft on
Wednesday so I got a new multi tool and
this time I chose to get a Swiss Army
knife as you can see there victorinox I
got the camper whoops and black I picked
this knife cuz it had everything I
needed and one thing that I didn't but
they all came with it and this is a very
nice looking knife and I really like it
so I'm just going to go over each other
thing and what it does and if i forget
the name of it i have the little thing
here that's got the name of all the
tools on it which i really like to think
that's cool so first of all obviously
there's a large blade you know all i'm
not all but most was army nice to have a
blade and then you have the bottle
opener large a flathead screwdriver and
that little notch right there yeah you
can see is a wire stripper then on the
other side you have a can opener with a
small flat-head screwdriver if you turn
it around you have a small blade just
like an inch long I think the large
blade is two and a half correct me if
I'm wrong on that in the comment on the
other side you have two things obviously
corkscrew and then you have this which I
in the little packet that it came with
they called it a reamer with a sewing I
so obviously this big part here must be
the reamer and that little
all must be the sewing I I honestly
don't know what you would use this for
uh I know you can use it like this and
punch a hole in a uh what's a called
chart Boston yeah that's right and works
really well i'm going to put a lanyard
ear and it might get a bigger pinky ring
use some orange paracord and of course
also starring as have the toothpick on
one side you flip it over and you have
tweezers I really really like this knife
I think it's great for what i use my
knives for oh yeah i forgot that one
it's got this kind of hard to remember
part but i really like it because i made
sure that all my loving man this it
didn't have it and I was always needing
it so this time I got it I saw a little
wood saw it's the same length is the
blade I think maybe a little longer but
and the reason I don't pull these all
out at once because I can't if I take
most of them out the tension is really
high and it can't pull out one of them
like the reamer with the selling I hear
this one uh obviously it has black
scales so that's why it's called the
black camper and really like his knife
nice looking and on the box here see
that 2995 an Excalibur victorinox swiss
swiss precision since 1884 i really like
the box it comes in just looks nice and
the other question I have for you guys
my subscribers and anyone you might be
watching this is if you like this
tabletop format because I used it on my
new things to come video and i'm not
sure if you guys like it or not so down
on the comments
say you know yes I like it or no I don't
like it and if you have any suggestions
if you don't like it I will try to do
that kind of find the best way to format
my videos so that's it this is the Swiss
Army knife camper in black and it's got
see it 123456789 tools if you count the
tweezers and toothpick so that's it i
hope you enjoyed this video comment if
you like the tabletop that i have here
and that's it